cli/running-tests.mdx, before:

---
title: Running tests
description: Running tests using the CLI
---

**Step 1**: Get an API key:

You will need an [API key](/get-started/getting-an-api-key) to authenticate against Momentic's servers.

**Step 2**: Install browsers:

This will download the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, and WebKit browsers to your local machine.

<CodeGroup>
```bash npm
npx momentic@latest install-browsers
````

```bash yarn
yarn dlx momentic@latest install-browsers
```

</CodeGroup>

**Step 3**: Run tests:

Make sure this is in the same directory as your `./momentic` directory.

<CodeGroup>
```bash npm
npx momentic@latest run [options] [tests...]
````

```bash yarn
yarn dlx momentic@latest run [options] [tests...]
```

</CodeGroup>
 
## Arguments

| Argument | Description                   | Default |
| -------- | ----------------------------- | ------- |
| `tests`  | One or more test identifiers. |         |

To use tests stored on your local file system, pass '--local' and specify file paths to Momentic YAML files or folders that exist locally: 'npx momentic run --local momentic/hello-world.yaml'.

To use tests stored remotely on Momentic Cloud, pass '--remote' and specify one or more test paths. A test path is a lowercased version of your test name where spaces are replaced with dashes: 'npx momentic run --remote hello-world'.

## Options

| Option                              | Description                                                                                                                                               | Default    |
| ----------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- |
| `--env <env>`                       | Name of the environment to use when running tests.                                                                                                        |            |
| `--url-override <urlOverride>`      | Fully qualified URL (e.g., https://www.google.com) to start all tests from. Overrides any default starting URL set from the test or environment.          |            |
| `-r, --remote`                      | Run tests remotely. The production version of this test will be queued for execution.                                                                     | `true`     |
| `--no-report`                       | Skip reporting test results to Momentic Cloud when running with the `--local` flag.                                                                       |            |
| `-l, --local`                       | Run tests locally. Useful for accessing apps on localhost. This option does not control where tests are read from (see `<tests>` argument documentation). |            |
| `--start <start>`                   | Arbitrary setup command that will run before Momentic steps begin.                                                                                        |            |
| `--wait-on <waitOn>`                | URL to wait to become accessible before Momentic tests begin.                                                                                             |            |
| `--wait-on-timeout <waitOnTimeout>` | Max time to wait for the `--wait-on` URL to become accessible.                                                                                            | One minute |
| `--retries <retries>`               | Number of retries to attempt when running tests locally. Defaults to each test's own retry configuration.                                                 |            |
| `-p, --parallel <parallel>`         | When running with the `--local` flag, the number of tests to run in parallel. Defaults to 1.                                                              | `1`        |

Commit message:

add docs for --custom-headers

cli/running-tests.mdx, after:

---
title: Running tests
description: Running tests using the CLI
---

**Step 1**: Get an API key:

You will need an [API key](/get-started/getting-an-api-key) to authenticate against Momentic's servers.

**Step 2**: Install browsers:

This will download the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, and WebKit browsers to your local machine.

<CodeGroup>
```bash npm
npx momentic@latest install-browsers
````

```bash yarn
yarn dlx momentic@latest install-browsers
```

</CodeGroup>

**Step 3**: Run tests:

Make sure this is in the same directory as your `./momentic` directory.

<CodeGroup>
```bash npm
npx momentic@latest run [options] [tests...]
````

```bash yarn
yarn dlx momentic@latest run [options] [tests...]
```

</CodeGroup>
 
## Arguments

| Argument | Description                   | Default |
| -------- | ----------------------------- | ------- |
| `tests`  | One or more test identifiers. |         |

To use tests stored on your local file system, pass '--local' and specify file paths to Momentic YAML files or folders that exist locally: 'npx momentic run --local momentic/hello-world.yaml'.

To use tests stored remotely on Momentic Cloud, pass '--remote' and specify one or more test paths. A test path is a lowercased version of your test name where spaces are replaced with dashes: 'npx momentic run --remote hello-world'.

## Options

| Option                                           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Default    |
| ------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------- |
| `-r, --remote`                                   | Run tests remotely. The production version of this test will be queued for execution.                                                                                                                                                                                    | `true`     |
| `-l, --local`                                    | Run tests locally. Useful for accessing apps on localhost. This option does not control where tests are read from (see `<tests>` argument documentation).                                                                                                                |            |
| `--no-report`                                    | Skip reporting test results to Momentic Cloud when running with the `--local` flag.                                                                                                                                                                                      |            |
| `--start <start>`                                | Arbitrary setup command that will run before Momentic steps begin.                                                                                                                                                                                                       |            |
| `--wait-on <waitOn>`                             | URL to wait to become accessible before Momentic tests begin.                                                                                                                                                                                                            |            |
| `--wait-on-timeout <waitOnTimeout>`              | Max time to wait for the `--wait-on` URL to become accessible.                                                                                                                                                                                                           | One minute |
| `--retries <retries>`                            | Number of retries to attempt when running tests locally. Defaults to each test's own retry configuration.                                                                                                                                                                |            |
| `-p, --parallel <parallel>`                      | When running with the `--local` flag, the number of tests to run in parallel. Defaults to 1.                                                                                                                                                                             | `1`        |
| `--env <env>`                                    | Name of the environment to use when running tests.                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |            |
| `--url-override <urlOverride>`                   | Fully qualified URL (e.g., https://www.google.com) to start all tests from. Overrides any default starting URL set from the test or environment.                                                                                                                         |            |
| `--custom-headers HEADER-1=value HEADER-2=value` | Add or override HTTP headers to be sent on every network request that occurs during the test. If this option is provided, you must use `--` to separate the options from the test names provided (e.g. `npx momentic@latest run --custom-headers TEST=true -- my-test`). |            |
