cli/running-suites.mdx, before:

---
title: Running suites
description: Running suites using the CLI
---

**Step 1**: Get an API key:

You will need an [API key](/get-started/getting-an-api-key) to authenticate against Momentic's servers.

**Step 2**: Install browsers:

This will download the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, and WebKit browsers to your local machine.

<CodeGroup>
```bash npm
npx momentic@latest install-browsers
````

```bash yarn
yarn dlx momentic@latest install-browsers
```

</CodeGroup>

**Step 3**: Run suites:

These will run the specified suites in Momentic Cloud.

<CodeGroup>
```bash npm
npx momentic@latest suite run [options] [suites...]
````

```bash yarn
yarn dlx momentic@latest suite run [options] [suites...]
```

</CodeGroup>

## Arguments

| Argument | Description                    | Default |
| -------- | ------------------------------ | ------- |
| `suites` | One or more suite identifiers. |         |

## Options

| Option        | Description                                         | Default |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| `--env <env>` | Name of the environment to use when running suites. |         |

Commit message:

add docs for --custom-headers

cli/running-suites.mdx, after:

---
title: Running suites
description: Running suites using the CLI
---

**Step 1**: Get an API key:

You will need an [API key](/get-started/getting-an-api-key) to authenticate against Momentic's servers.

**Step 2**: Install browsers:

This will download the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, and WebKit browsers to your local machine.

<CodeGroup>
```bash npm
npx momentic@latest install-browsers
````

```bash yarn
yarn dlx momentic@latest install-browsers
```

</CodeGroup>

**Step 3**: Run suites:

These will run the specified suites in Momentic Cloud.

<CodeGroup>
```bash npm
npx momentic@latest suite run [options] [suites...]
````

```bash yarn
yarn dlx momentic@latest suite run [options] [suites...]
```

</CodeGroup>

## Arguments

| Argument | Description                    | Default |
| -------- | ------------------------------ | ------- |
| `suites` | One or more suite identifiers. |         |

## Options

| Option                                           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Default |
| ------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| `--env <env>`                                    | Name of the environment to use when running suites.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |         |
| `--url-override <urlOverride>`                   | Fully qualified URL (e.g., https://www.google.com) to start all tests from. Overrides any default starting URL set from the test or environment.                                                                                                                                        |         |
| `--custom-headers HEADER-1=value HEADER-2=value` | Add or override HTTP headers to be sent on every network request. If this option is provided, you must use `--` to separate the options from the suite names provided (e.g. `npx momentic@latest suite run --custom-headers TEST=true -- my-suite`). |         |
