platform/crafting-assertions.mdx, before:

---
title: Crafting assertions
description: How to write assertions as conditional statements
---

[AI checks](/steps/ai-check) are human-understandable assertions powered by AI that can be used to verify arbitrary facts about the current page. They are more powerful and reliable than the `expect` or `assert` statements in traditional testing libraries.

## Content-based assertions

<Info>
  When using content-based assertions, our AI has access to the **whole page**,
  not just the portion visible in the viewport. This is also significantly
  faster.
</Info>

By default, Momentic’s AI uses a processed accessibility tree and text content of your application to make decisions.

| Category                      | Example                                                     |
| ----------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- |
| Presence (or absence) of text | `Verify the page shows 3 search results`                    |
| Logical statements            | `The publish date of this article is more than 30 days ago` |
| General state of page         | `There is no error message present on the page`             |

### Tables

Content-based assertions are great for analyzing and asserting on tabular data. Our AI can accurately understand data present in a HTML table. You can assert on the content of a table cell, row, or column.

If you are using techniques such as list virtualization where only visible rows are rendered, you will have to use the `Scroll` step to make sure other rows are shown.

## Vision-based assertions

<Info>
  Vision limits our AI to the **current visible viewport** as it relies on a
  screenshot of the page.
</Info>

You can make assertions about **visual** information on the page. It is effective for assertions that include color, position on the page, or visual information like layout. For example:

| Category                         | Example                                          |
| -------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ |
| Presence (or absence) of imagery | `Verify the buy button is blue`                  |
| Logical statements               | `The most expensive item is highest on the list` |
| Generate state of page           | `The login page is visible`                      |

### Data visualizations

- We support SVG or canvas based data visualizations rendered by libraries such as D3, Hicharts, Recharts, and more.
- Accuracy improves when there are clear labels and axes within the viewport.
- For interactive visualizations, use [Click](/steps/click) or [Hover](/steps/hover) steps to show tooltips and interact with data visualizations.

## Tips

Avoid language that is unnecessarily specific for your intended use case. For example, asserting that is `the button to submit the form is clickable` is better than asserting `the button labelled 'Submit!' is clickable` since the label may change.

Similarly, asserting that `there are 3 search results` is better than `there are 3 different results` if the contents of the results doesn't actually matter.

Commit message:

adding them in the assertions page

platform/crafting-assertions.mdx, after:

---
title: Crafting assertions
description: How to write assertions as conditional statements
---

## Basic assertions

[Element check](/steps/element-check) and [Page check](/steps/page-check) are the most basic form of assertions in Momentic. They are used to verify specific elements or the contents of the page.

With [Element check](/steps/element-check), you can check the text content, attributes, or state of an element. Check for the presence of an element, its visibility, or its HTML content. This is useful for verifying the presence of specific elements on the page and whether they're in the expected state. They are powered by our AI locator and are significantly faster than [AI check](/steps/ai-check).

With [Page check](/steps/page-check), you can verify the HTML content of the page. This is useful for checking the presence of specific elements or text on the page.

## AI assertions

[AI checks](/steps/ai-check) are human-understandable assertions powered by AI that can be used to verify arbitrary facts about the current page. They are more powerful and reliable than the `expect` or `assert` statements in traditional testing libraries.

### Content-based assertions

<Info>
  When using content-based assertions, our AI has access to the **whole page**,
  not just the portion visible in the viewport. This is also significantly
  faster.
</Info>

By default, Momentic’s AI uses a processed accessibility tree and text content of your application to make decisions.

| Category                      | Example                                                     |
| ----------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- |
| Presence (or absence) of text | `Verify the page shows 3 search results`                    |
| Logical statements            | `The publish date of this article is more than 30 days ago` |
| General state of page         | `There is no error message present on the page`             |

### Tables

Content-based assertions are great for analyzing and asserting on tabular data. Our AI can accurately understand data present in a HTML table. You can assert on the content of a table cell, row, or column.

If you are using techniques such as list virtualization where only visible rows are rendered, you will have to use the `Scroll` step to make sure other rows are shown.

### Vision-based assertions

<Info>
  Vision limits our AI to the **current visible viewport** as it relies on a
  screenshot of the page.
</Info>

You can make assertions about **visual** information on the page. It is effective for assertions that include color, position on the page, or visual information like layout. For example:

| Category                         | Example                                          |
| -------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ |
| Presence (or absence) of imagery | `Verify the buy button is blue`                  |
| Logical statements               | `The most expensive item is highest on the list` |
| Generate state of page           | `The login page is visible`                      |

### Data visualizations

- We support SVG or canvas based data visualizations rendered by libraries such as D3, Hicharts, Recharts, and more.
- Accuracy improves when there are clear labels and axes within the viewport.
- For interactive visualizations, use [Click](/steps/click) or [Hover](/steps/hover) steps to show tooltips and interact with data visualizations.

### Tips

Avoid language that is unnecessarily specific for your intended use case. For example, asserting that is `the button to submit the form is clickable` is better than asserting `the button labelled 'Submit!' is clickable` since the label may change.

Similarly, asserting that `there are 3 search results` is better than `there are 3 different results` if the contents of the results doesn't actually matter.
