platform/email.mdx, before:

---
title: Receiving emails
description: Receive and interact with emails in Momentic tests
---

<Info>

**Prerequisite**: Reserve a dedicated inbox name from the Momentic team before proceeding.
</Info>

Momentic supports receiving emails at specially allocated `@usemomentic.com` addresses. This feature is useful for testing email-based authentication (e.g OTPs), notifications, and other features that require opening emails.

## Usage

Email functionality is currently surfaced through the [JavaScript](/steps/javascript) step. Within Momentic's JavaScript sandbox, your code can access a special `email` object. This object contains the following utility functions:

### Fetch email

The `fetchLatest` utility function allows you to retrieve the most recent email received in your inbox. Optionally, you can filter for emails sent after a particular date. This can be useful for ensuring that you are not reading stale emails that were received before the test began.

This function will automatically retry until a matching email is found or the timeout is exhausted (if the timeout parameter is omitted, the default is 10 seconds).

If an email is received, the text content of the email will be available in the `text` field of the result. When `trimWhitespace` is true, which is the default behavior, adjacent whitespace characters will be combined to make the text easier to read and parse in future steps. If the email contains HTML content, the raw HTML will be provided in the `html` field.

<Tabs>
  <Tab title="Function Signature">
    ```ts
    async function fetchLatest(params: {
      inbox: string, // inbox name allocated by momentic
      trimWhitespace: boolean = true,
      afterDate?: Date,
      timeout?: number,
    }): Promise<Email>;

    type Email = {
      subject: string; // subject line
      from: string; // sender's name and email
      fromEmail: string; // sender's email address
      to: string; // recipient's name and email address (the @usemomentic.com address allocated to your organization)
      time: number; // unix timestamp for when the email was received
      secondsAgo: number; // how many seconds ago the email was received
      size: number | undefined; // size of the email in bytes

      text: string; // the text content of the email. if trimWhitespace is true, adjacent whitespace characters will be combined
      html: string | undefined; // if the email has HTML content, this field will contain the raw HTML
    };
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab title="Example">
    ```ts
    const msg = await email.fetchLatest({
      inbox: "jeff+test",
      afterDate: new Date(),
      timeout: 20_000,
    });

    return msg.text;
    ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

## Creating isolated inboxes

Once you are allocated unique username from Momentic, you can create unlimited, isolated inboxes accessible from your organization by appending a suffix to the username. For example, if your unique username is `momentic`, you can also send emails to `momentic+test@usemomentic.com` and fetch results using the `momentic+test` inbox name.

We recommend using this strategy with a randomized suffix such as `Date.now()` when running multiple tests in parallel that require email access to prevent race conditions.

Commit message:

include information about throwing an error

platform/email.mdx, after:

---
title: Receiving emails
description: Receive and interact with emails in Momentic tests
---

<Info>

**Prerequisite**: Reserve a dedicated inbox name from the Momentic team before proceeding.
</Info>

Momentic supports receiving emails at specially allocated `@usemomentic.com` addresses. This feature is useful for testing email-based authentication (e.g OTPs), notifications, and other features that require opening emails.

## Usage

Email functionality is currently surfaced through the [JavaScript](/steps/javascript) step. Within Momentic's JavaScript sandbox, your code can access a special `email` object. This object contains the following utility functions:

### Fetch email

The `fetchLatest` utility function allows you to retrieve the most recent email received in your inbox. Optionally, you can filter for emails sent after a particular date. This can be useful for ensuring that you are not reading stale emails that were received before the test began.

This function will automatically retry until a matching email is found or the timeout is exhausted (if the timeout parameter is omitted, the default is 10 seconds). If no email is received within the timeout, an error is thrown.

If an email is received, the text content of the email will be available in the `text` field of the result. When `trimWhitespace` is true, which is the default behavior, adjacent whitespace characters will be combined to make the text easier to read and parse in future steps. If the email contains HTML content, the raw HTML will be provided in the `html` field.

<Tabs>
  <Tab title="Function Signature">
    ```ts
    async function fetchLatest(params: {
      inbox: string, // inbox name allocated by momentic
      trimWhitespace: boolean = true,
      afterDate?: Date,
      timeout?: number,
    }): Promise<Email>;

    type Email = {
      subject: string; // subject line
      from: string; // sender's name and email
      fromEmail: string; // sender's email address
      to: string; // recipient's name and email address (the @usemomentic.com address allocated to your organization)
      time: number; // unix timestamp for when the email was received
      secondsAgo: number; // how many seconds ago the email was received
      size: number | undefined; // size of the email in bytes

      text: string; // the text content of the email. if trimWhitespace is true, adjacent whitespace characters will be combined
      html: string | undefined; // if the email has HTML content, this field will contain the raw HTML
    };
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab title="Example">
    ```ts
    const msg = await email.fetchLatest({
      inbox: "jeff+test",
      afterDate: new Date(),
      timeout: 20_000,
    });

    return msg.text;
    ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

## Creating isolated inboxes

Once you are allocated unique username from Momentic, you can create unlimited, isolated inboxes accessible from your organization by appending a suffix to the username. For example, if your unique username is `momentic`, you can also send emails to `momentic+test@usemomentic.com` and fetch results using the `momentic+test` inbox name.

We recommend using this strategy with a randomized suffix such as `Date.now()` when running multiple tests in parallel that require email access to prevent race conditions.
